chore(openshift-etcd-backup): update solution to reflect helm chart (#9)
adfinis-sygroup/openshift-etcd-backup: README.md

The OpenShift 4 backup generates 2 different files with the date when it is performed:

- snapshot_TIMESTAMP.db
- static_kuberesources_TIMESTAMP.tar.gz

> The `.db` file is a snapshot of the etcd and the archived `.tar.gz` contains the static pods of the control plane (etcd, api server, controller manager and scheduler) with their respective certificates and private keys. Those files are put in an seperate directory on the PV per backup run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.db` file is a snapshot of the etcd and the archived `.tar.gz` contains the static pods of the control plane (etcd, api server, controller manager and scheduler) with their respective certificates and private keys. Those files are put in a separate directory on the PV per backup run.
```

oc create -f backup-rbac.yaml
```

> Then adjust storage to your needs in `backup-storage.yaml` and deploy it. The example uses NFS but you can use any storage class you want (`hostPath` or `provioning`):

Reviewer 2: provioning?

Author: yeah provisioning meaning the auto provisioning setup of your cluster, is that unclear?

Reviewer: @paraenggu The suggestions feature is the button with the ± sign on it.
```suggestion
Then adjust the storage configuration to your needs in `backup-storage.yaml` and deploy it. The example uses NFS but you can use any storage class you want (`hostPath` or `provisioning`):
```

Reviewer 2: > yeah provisioning meaning the auto provisioning setup of your cluster, is that unclear?

The backup-storage.yaml refers to a pre-created PV/PVC, on should probably never use a dynamic provisioner to create a PV, as you need to make sure that you can access the data outside of a running cluster (in case it failed an you have to restore it). Therefor you would have to make sure, that the PV details are known in advance and won't change later on.

```

The following options are used:
- `OCP_BACKUP_SUBDIR`: Sub directory on PVC. If it not exists it will be created.
- `OCP_BACKUP_DIRNAME`: Dirname of singe backup. This is a string which run trough
[`date`](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/date.1.html)
- `OCP_BACKUP_EXPIRE_TYPE`:
  - `days`: Keep backups newer than `backup.keepdays`.
  - `count`: Keep a number of backups. `backup.keepcount` is used to determine how much.
  - `never`: Dont expire backups, keep all of them.
- `OCP_BACKUP_KEEP_DAYS`: Days to keep the backup. Only used if `backup.expiretype` is set to `days`
- `OCP_BACKUP_KEEP_COUNT`: Number of backups to keep. Only used if `backup.expiretype` is set to `count`
- `OCP_BACKUP_UMASK`: Umask used inside the script to set proper permission on written files.

Changing the schedule be done in the CronJob directly, with `spec.schedule`:
```
oc edit -n etcd-backup cronjob/etcd-backup
```
Default is `0 0 * * *` which means the cronjob runs one time a day at midnight.

# Helm chart

To deploy easily the solution a helm chart is available on upstream Adfinis charts [repository](https://github.com/adfinis-sygroup/helm-charts/tree/master/charts/openshift-etcd-backup).

> 

Reviewer 3: pls add basic helm installation

Reviewer 3: ```
helm repo add ....
helm install ....

```

Author: done!

```

The following options are used:

> - `OCP_BACKUP_SUBDIR`: Sub directory on PVC. If it not exists it will be created.

Reviewer 2: > If it not exists

If it doesn't exist [...]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `OCP_BACKUP_SUBDIR`: Sub directory on PVC that should be used to store the bakup. If it doesn't exist it will be created.
```

> - `OCP_BACKUP_DIRNAME`: Dirname of singe backup. This is a string which run trough

Reviewer 2: Typo: Dirname of **singe** backup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `OCP_BACKUP_DIRNAME`: Directory name for a single backup. This is a format string used by
```

[`date`](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/date.1.html)
- `OCP_BACKUP_EXPIRE_TYPE`:
  - `days`: Keep backups newer than `backup.keepdays`.
  - `count`: Keep a number of backups. `backup.keepcount` is used to determine how much.
  - `never`: Dont expire backups, keep all of them.
- `OCP_BACKUP_KEEP_DAYS`: Days to keep the backup. Only used if `backup.expiretype` is set to `days`
- `OCP_BACKUP_KEEP_COUNT`: Number of backups to keep. Only used if `backup.expiretype` is set to `count`

> - `OCP_BACKUP_UMASK`: Umask used inside the script to set proper permission on written files.

Reviewer 2: > to set proper permission on written files

to set restrictive permissions on the written files, as they might contain sensitive information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `OCP_BACKUP_UMASK`: Umask used inside the script to set restrictive proper permission on written files, as they contain sensitive information.
```

Changing the schedule be done in the CronJob directly, with `spec.schedule`:
```
oc edit -n etcd-backup cronjob/etcd-backup
```
Default is `0 0 * * *` which means the cronjob runs one time a day at midnight.

# Helm chart

> To deploy easily the solution a helm chart is available on upstream Adfinis charts [repository](https://github.com/adfinis-sygroup/helm-charts/tree/master/charts/openshift-etcd-backup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To easily deploy the solution a helm chart is available on upstream Adfinis charts [repository](https://github.com/adfinis-sygroup/helm-charts/tree/master/charts/openshift-etcd-backup).
```
